To design this algorithm we need to identify the group information for each node, which node belongs to which router, chassis, and group, which should be contained in the topo file. 

Now starting from the most fundamental layer (Lowest layer, like “inside each router”) identify the root and the leaf. Then move up into the chassis layer, then identify the same things: roots and the leaf. Then at the group level, we identify the same thing. The root node is the node holding the information (or the initiator of the bcast), and the leaf can be arbitrary. The root router would be the router hosting that “initiating node” and the roots chassis/group follow the same logic. The leaf can be arbitrary since the level is basically symmetric. Also, For other groups (the groups that do not hold the “initiator node”), the root/leaf node can be arbitrary, also for the router/chassis/group. 


Now, we have a root and a leaf at every level. Now, we’ll start from the node level, we model all the nodes as nodes in a complete graph, and then we want to find “tau” many trees such that they share the same root as the node roots and share the same leaves as the node leafs. (Say tau is 2 for now). Then all the other nodes, we try to organize these tau trees in a way that the maximum degree of the union of these tau trees are equal to each other. We try to match the leaf of one tree to the branch of the other tree to get the maximum degree as close to 2*tau.
(For example, consider the router with nodes 0,1,2,3 Then we can consider 0 as the node level root and 3 as the node level leaf. Our trees can be like: T1 (0->1->{2,3}) T2 (0 ->2->{1,3}) Then the degree of each node in the union of two trees are: 2,4,4,2 which exactly aligns with my description).

After the node level trees, we move up to the router trees. We first look at how the routers in each chassis are connected, which is a fully connected graph. We try to do the same thing, identify root/leaf routers in that chassis, and try to make tau trees, try to do the same thing we did at the node level. Make sure the tau is the same as the previous level. Here we just hold the tau parameter to (2) so keep that in mind. 

After finding all these,  we need to connect them (router trees, node level trees). We connect them by the following process. Since the number tau is the same, we need to identify each router tree with each node tree. This identification can be arbitrary but must be made. Then, after this identification we will have a pair of trees in the neighboring level. We will need to manually add these router level connections (router trees) to the node level tree. To do this, for each edge in this router tree in the pair, we identify the following transmission path. The initial point of the path is the leaf node of the initial router. The final point of the path is the root node of the final router. The path itself would look like (Initial point -> Initial router -> final router -> final point). 

Now we get all the union of the trees in the chassis level. So, we move up to the group level (trees of chassis). Again, we look at how the chassis in each group are connected. Which again, should be a fully connected graph. We try to do the same thing again, identify the root/leaf chassis in that group. Try to make tau trees, which is 2. Try to do the same thing that we did in the chassis (router trees). 

After finding these trees we try to connect them as well using the same logic, chassis trees with the router trees. We first do the same identification and then we need to manually add chassis level connections to the router level and node level connections. To do this, for each edge in this chassis tree in the pair, we identify the following transmission path. The initial point in the path is the leaf node of the initial chassis. The end point of the path is the root node of the final chassis. The path itself would look like (initial point -> initial router -> initial chassis -> end chassis -> end router -> end point). 

Finally we do the group level union of trees (node in the tree is a GROUP). Just follow the same processes. After finding these trees we connect them in the same way. Do the same identification of the group level trees with chassis level trees. The initial point in the path is the leaf node of the initial group. The end point of the path is the root node of the final group. The path itself would look like (initial point -> initial router -> initial chassis -> initial group -> end group -> end chassis -> end router -> end point). 
